WIP: reorganise launcher to have different vendor flavours (#1)
honeycombio/otel-launcher-go: lightstep/README.md

# Launcher, a Lightstep Distro for OpenTelemetry 🚀

> Minimap setup using Lightstep and environment variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimal setup using Lightstep and environment variables
```

```go
import (
    "github.com/lightstep/otel-launcher-go/launcher"
    _ "github.com/lightstep/otel-launcher-go/launcher/lightstep"
)

func main() {
    launcher := launcher.ConfigureOpentelemetry()
    defer launcher.Shutdown()
}
```

> Alternitvely, you can set both the servie name and access token via launcher options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can set both the service name and access token via launcher options.
```
